there's no multi congratulations to
credible wishes of doing over the last
couple weeks the weirdest broken one
more time I work around what a great
champion he is that's that says it all
congratulations there is our trophy
again and uh bed we needs no
introduction X locker just want to thank
a few people first of all living bowl
new coat and please round want to take
the pants coming out awesome fans all
week I think there's so many TVA
partners here in the crowd i want to
thank them all for coming and thanks for
their support and i want to thank the
legends of the PBA that are here the
right up front royal and make this even
more special thank you
now what were what we're witnessing
right now I don't think anyone could
have ever predicted it's one of the
great runs maybe in the history of
individual sports this man has been on
has made the finals and a major
championship on the PBA Tour and 10 of
12 events and 15 of them and he's doing
it in a spectacular way throwing the
ball in a way that most of us have never
seen and can never do and it's really a
privilege to be able to watch you and
congratulations again and this is 50
gram yeah I just firstly want to say
thank you to Jim and staff here at the
ball when I first walked in here after
innovations in it looks amazing and it's
a venue that we balls are proud to walk
into so thank you for taking the time
and the effort in making an environment
for us that we're proud of it in
obviously all the helpers and volunteers
that did the score in our work and son
it's a long week for those guys too so
we can't you know share our scores with
the world if we don't have help so thank
you to those guys I don't really know
what else to say I mean the fans of
course there's lots of Bill Murray
shirts out there and I appreciate your
support you don't understand what it's
like to be a long way from home and and
the semi shirt on and a couple of young
guys really does it melts my heart and I
appreciate it very much so thank you to
everyone and again the PVA storm Dexter
turbo high five cloud construct roll
tech the IAB and of course our men
responsible barbasol I mean we I
wouldn't be here getting a face full of
cream with that
bunch of young by six years since I've
actually shaved and probably so I'm
going to get myself some cream I'm going
to shave when I go back home and take a
picture